# <span class="icon-app-nodate"/> 开源声明

```text
Name: qnnp/wegar
Licenses: MIT
Dependencies:

Name                               Version Licenses     
brick/math                         0.10.2  MIT          
doctrine/inflector                 2.0.4   MIT          
doctrine/instantiator              1.5.0   MIT          
guzzlehttp/guzzle                  7.5.0   MIT          
guzzlehttp/promises                1.5.2   MIT          
guzzlehttp/psr7                    2.4.3   MIT          
illuminate/bus                     v10.4.1 MIT          
illuminate/collections             v10.4.1 MIT          
illuminate/conditionable           v10.4.1 MIT          
illuminate/container               v10.4.1 MIT          
illuminate/contracts               v10.4.0 MIT          
illuminate/database                v10.4.0 MIT          
illuminate/events                  v10.4.1 MIT          
illuminate/macroable               v10.4.1 MIT          
illuminate/pagination              v10.4.1 MIT          
illuminate/pipeline                v10.4.0 MIT          
illuminate/support                 v10.4.0 MIT          
intervention/image                 2.7.2   MIT          
myclabs/deep-copy                  1.11.1  MIT          
nesbot/carbon                      2.66.0  MIT          
nikic/fast-route                   v1.3.0  BSD-3-Clause 
nikic/php-parser                   v4.15.4 BSD-3-Clause 
phar-io/manifest                   2.0.3   BSD-3-Clause 
phar-io/version                    3.2.1   BSD-3-Clause 
phlak/semver                       4.1.0   MIT          
phpunit/php-code-coverage          9.2.26  BSD-3-Clause 
phpunit/php-file-iterator          3.0.6   BSD-3-Clause 
phpunit/php-invoker                3.1.1   BSD-3-Clause 
phpunit/php-text-template          2.0.4   BSD-3-Clause 
phpunit/php-timer                  5.0.3   BSD-3-Clause 
phpunit/phpunit                    9.6.5   BSD-3-Clause 
psr/container                      2.0.2   MIT          
psr/http-client                    1.0.1   MIT          
psr/http-factory                   1.0.1   MIT          
psr/http-message                   1.0.1   MIT          
psr/simple-cache                   3.0.0   MIT          
ralouphie/getallheaders            3.0.3   MIT          
sebastian/cli-parser               1.0.1   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/code-unit                1.0.8   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/code-unit-reverse-lookup 2.0.3   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/comparator               4.0.8   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/complexity               2.0.2   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/diff                     4.0.4   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/environment              5.1.5   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/exporter                 4.0.5   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/global-state             5.0.5   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/lines-of-code            1.0.3   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/object-enumerator        4.0.4   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/object-reflector         2.0.4   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/recursion-context        4.0.5   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/resource-operations      3.0.3   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/type                     3.2.1   BSD-3-Clause 
sebastian/version                  3.0.2   BSD-3-Clause 
swagger-api/swagger-ui             v4.18.1 Apache-2.0   
symfony/deprecation-contracts      v3.2.1  MIT          
symfony/polyfill-mbstring          v1.27.0 MIT          
symfony/polyfill-php80             v1.27.0 MIT          
symfony/translation                v6.2.7  MIT          
symfony/translation-contracts      v3.2.1  MIT          
theseer/tokenizer                  1.2.1   BSD-3-Clause 
voku/portable-ascii                2.0.1   MIT          
webman/admin                       v0.6.5  MIT          
webman/captcha                     v1.0.1  MIT          
webman/event                       v1.0.3  MIT          
workerman/webman-framework         v1.5.2  MIT          
workerman/workerman                v4.1.9  MIT    
```
